Contribution:

Sai Kumar Chunchu:
Done research on the Internet regarding the type of Lexer we can use for our project. Discussed Grammar to be included
in our SIMPLE Language. Created Github repository. Discussed and prepared the document for Milestone-1. Written Grammar rules for Single Line comments,
declarations and commands.
Wrote Eval predicates to give semantics to tree nodes.
Wrote bat script for executing the program.
Implemented the readability comments functionality.
Contributed to presentation and video.
Added the ".sim" extension check functionality.
 


Vinesh Reddy Naga:
Done research on the internet regarding various Parsing techniques. Discussed Grammar to be included in our SIMPLE Language.
Discussed and prepared the document for Milestone-1. Written Grammar rules for conditional loops i.e. for loop and while loop.
Implemented for loop, for in range loop, while loop and if then else statement in semantics.
Wrote Sample programs to test.
Implemented throw, catch for main predicate.
Contributed to presentation and video.
Fixed the bugs.
 


Venkata Vamsikrishna Iytha:
Done research on the Internet regarding the type of Parser and Semantics that can be used for our project.
Discussed and prepared the document for Milestone-1. Written Grammar rules for Ternary Operator and Unary Operators.
Discussed Grammar to be included in our SIMPLE Language.
Wrote DCG format for the grammar, and generated parse tree.
Wrote string concatenation logic.
Implemented the code for countering the re-declaration of variables.
Contributed to presentation and video.
Wrote bat script for installing the dependencies.

 
 
Yogaleena Mandalapu:
Done research on the internet regarding Interpreter and Compiler that can be used for our project. Discussed Grammar to be included
in our SIMPLE Language. Discussed and prepared the document for Milestone-1. Written Grammar rules for Data types and Expression.
Wrote type checking for the variables.
Implemented tokenizer to get read input file.
Implemented the ternary, boolean functionalities.
Contributed to presentation and video.
Integrated the code and checked the validations.